Setting Up Stocked Parts




# Setting Up Stocked Parts

To set up planning information for stocked parts:

1. Select Inventory,
   Part Maintenance.
2. Click the Part
   ID browse button and select a stocked part.
3. Click the DBR
   tab.
4. Specify this information:

Planner User ID 
Specify the person responsible for material planning for this Part
ID. Depending on your settings in Warehouse Maintenance, a planner
may be responsible for transferring this part to other warehouses
in Inventory Transaction Entry. You can also sort certain material
reports by planner ID.

Buyer User ID 
If this part is a purchased part, specify the person responsible for
buying this Part ID. For purchased parts, buyers are responsible for
acquiring the part. You can use buyer IDs on purchase requisitions
and purchase orders.

Demand Horizon (in days) 
Specify the default demand horizon. The scheduler uses the demand
horizon you specify to search for demand orders. For example, if you
specify 60 in this field, the scheduler looks for demand for the part
from the current date to 60 days in the future.

Min/Max Order Qty 
Specify the minimum and maximum suggested order quantity when placing
a planned order. When the DBR scheduler creates a planned order for
this part, the quantity ordered is not less than the minimum quantity
or more than the maximum quantity. For example, if you had demand
for 50 of this part and the maximum order quantity is 25, the DBR
scheduler plans two orders of 25 to meet the demand. If you had demand
for 3 of this part and the minimum order is 5, then the DBR scheduler
plans an order for a quantity of 5.

Multiples Of 
If you order this part in certain multiples, specify the multiple
in this field. For example, if you specify 6 in this field, you order
this part in multiples of 6, such as 12, 18, and so on. If you had
demand for 8 of this part, the DBR scheduler would plan an order for
a quantity of 12.

ADU Horizon (in days) 
If you plan part replenishment using average daily usage, specify
the horizon to use in this field. When the system determines your
average daily usage, the number you specify here is the number of
days the system uses to assess demand. For example, if you specify
60 in this field, the system analyzes usage for the previous 60 days
when it calculates average daily usage.

Leadtime Buffer (in hours) 
Specify the default amount of time required to supply this part. For
a fabricated part, this value is the time it takes to complete one
manufacturing cycle. For a purchased part, this value is the time
it takes to acquire the part from a vendor.To specify one day, enter
24.

Minimum Leadtime (in
hours)  Specify the minimum lead-time in hours to use
when you are purchasing this part in an expedited mode. To specify
one day, enter 24.

Replenishment Level 
To manually specify the replenishment level for this part, specify
a value in this field. The value you specify in this field triggers
new orders for this part. The value you specify should provide enough
supply for one leadtime buffer cycle. For example, if you specified
48 in the Leadtime Buffer field, then you would specify the number
of parts needed to meet two days worth of demand.

When the quantity on hand plus the quantity
on order for this part falls below the figure you specify in this
field, a new order is generated when you run the DBR scheduler. For
purchased parts, a new planned order is created. For fabricated parts,
a new replenishment work order is generated.

To calculate this value based on demand
history, use the Recalculate Stocked Replenishment Level dialog box
available on the Maintain menu.

Emergency Stock %
Specify the percentage of the replenishment level that triggers
a high-priority order to be generated. For example, if your replenishment
level is 5 and you specified 60 percent in this field, a high-priority
work order would be generated by the DBR scheduler if you had 3 parts
in inventory. If the supply order is a purchase order, choose a vendor
with a short lead time to supply emergency orders.

When the quantity of a part is below the
emergency stock percentage, the part is in the Red Zone of its inventory
buffer.

Yellow Zone Stock % 
Specify the percentage of the replenishment level that triggers the
DBR scheduler to recognize demand. For example, if your replenishment
level is 5 and you specified 80 percent in this field, a work order
would be generated if you had 4 parts in inventory.

On-hand Alert Emergency
%  Specify the percentage of the replenishment level
that triggers an alert.

5. Click the Save
   button.