Installing the Infor VISUAL BOD Generation Service




# Installing the Infor VISUAL BOD Generation Service

Installing this service is optional.

The generation of certain BODs is resource-intensive and can cause
certain windows, such as the Manufacturing Window, to run slowly.
To improve performance, install the VISUAL BOD Generation Service
(VBODGENSVC). You can use the VISUAL BOD Generation Service to generate
these BODs:

* Calendar
* InventoryCount
* LaborTicket
* ProductionOrder
* ReceivableInvoice
* SalesOrder

If you install the service, all of these BODs are generated by the
service. You cannot select which BODs to generate with the service.

You can install the service on any computer that has these components
installed:

* VSRVANY.EXE VSRVANY.EXE
  is a VISUAL tool that allows the VISUAL BOD Generation executable
  (VBODGENSVC.EXE) to be run as a service. VSRVANY.EXE must be installed
  in the same directory as VBODGENSVC.EXE.
* SC.EXE SC.EXE is a Microsoft
  Windows tool used to make modifications to services and to remove
  services. SC.EXE is commonly installed with Microsoft Windows.
  Run a Microsoft Windows search to verify that SC.EXE is installed.
  SC.EXE does not have to be in the same directory as VBODGENSVC.EXE;
  you can leave SC.EXE in the directory where Microsoft installed
  it.
* Gupta Runtimes You must
  also have the Gupta runtimes for your version of VISUAL installed
  on the computer where you run the service.

You can install the service only once for each database. If you
attempt to install the service on a database that is already running
the service, you will not be allowed to install the service again.

As part of the service install process, the system runs the Fix
Synonyms and Grants function. As a result, you should install the
service only when no other users are connected to the VISUAL database.

To install the service:

1. Right-click VBODGENSVC.EXE
   and select Run as Administrator. This
   file is located in the same directory as your other VISUAL executables.
2. Log into the database
   for which you want to run the service using any valid VISUAL user
   ID and password. This is the user ID the service will use when
   accessing the database. The user ID you specify can still be used
   to access the VISUAL executables. The service does not need its
   own user ID.
3. The Infor VISUAL BOD
   Generator Service contains these fields:

Service Name
The service appends the name of your database in parentheses to Infor
Visual BOD Generation. For example, if your database is named PRODUCTION,
the service would be named Infor Visual BOD Generation (PRODUCTION).
This field is read-only.

Service Description
The system inserts the description that it will display in the Microsoft
Windows Services dialog box. This field is read-only.

Log File Directory
Specify the directory where the log file will be stored. By default,
the directory where VBODGENSVC.EXE resides is used. You can specify
any directory.

Polling Interval
Specify how often the service should check to see if BODs need to
be generated.

Log Level Specify
the content for the log files. Choose from these options:

None A log file is generated only at service
start.

Error A log file is generated only when errors
occur during BOD generation.

Info A log file is generated when errors
and other events occur.

4. Click Install Service.
   If you did not log into the database as the SYSADM user, the system
   will prompt you to enter the SYSADM user name and password. The
   system will create a new database table that the service will
   read to generate BODs.

After you install the service, you can no
longer edit any of the fields in the VISUAL BOD Generator Service
dialog box.

After you install the service, you are prompted
to start the service. Click Yes to start the service. If you click
No, the service is not started. You can start the service later through
Microsoft Windows Services dialog box. If you do not start the service,
no BODs will be generated by either the service or the VISUAL executables.

In the BOD Maintenance dialog, the Use Service
check box is selected for the BODs that are generated with the service.

5. Click Close
   to exit the Infor VISUAL BOD Generator Service dialog box.
6. Restart VISUAL.

## Removing the Infor VISUAL BOD Generator Service

If you would like the VISUAL executables to generate the BODs, or
if you would like to reinstall the service on a different machine,
you must remove the VISUAL BOD Generator Service.

To remove the VISUAL BOD Generator Service:

1. From the computer where
   you installed the service, right-click VBODGENSVC.EXE and select
   Run as Administrator.
2. Log into the database
   you are using with the service.
3. In the dialog box, click
   Remove Service. The BODs will be generated by the VISUAL executables.